self-managed password auth docs (#32750)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/release-notes/_index.md

## v25.2

### Authentication + RBAC

> [Password authentication is now available](/manage/authentication).
> 
> [Role Based Access Control](/manage/access-control/#role-based-access-control-rbac).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in v25.2, password authentication and role-based access control are available in self-managed Materialize. For details, see:

- [Password authentication](/manage/authentication).
- [Role-Based Access
  Control](/manage/access-control/#role-based-access-control-rbac).
```
